Question: What does mkdir Music do? It creates a directory.
Question: Why do we use pwd after navigating into the Music directory? To know the path to the music directry.
Question: What did you achieve with the mkdir commands? It creats the Rock, Pop, and the Jazz folders.
Verify the creation of the folders using ls. Ls confirms the creation of the folders.
Question: How do you create files inside specific folders? Files are created using the touch command
Question: Why do we navigate back (cd ..) after each folder? I navigate back because I was in a path relative to the folder hosting the directories.
Question: Why do we create these subdirectories (css, js, images)? What is their purpose? The subdirectory created to play a different role in building the MyWebsite.
Question: What initial files did you create and where? The index.html is the first I created
Question: How did you navigate through directories to create these files? I located the index.html using the ls command in the MyWebsite directory.
Question: Why do you create a School directory? To store different school activities.
Question: Why organize assignments by subjects? to arrange activities by subject.
Question: How do you create assignment files within specific subject folders? CD into the specific folders and use the touch command to create the files.
Question: Why is it useful to create a specific directory for your presentation? To needly arrange different files and folders.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your presentation? They can be placeholders for diffrent activities
Question: What files did you create for your presentation and in which folders? Slide1 and Slide2 are created for my presentation.
Question: How do you navigate through your directories and review your work? I navigate through my files and directory using the cd, ls, and the cd .. commands.
Why is it important to keep your directories organized? To keep your work neat and tidy, and also to have easy access to your work.
Question: How do you remove directories and their contents? Why might you need to do this? I used the rm -r command to remove direcotries and their contents.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your backups? It seperates different content into their categorized folders.
Question: How do you create backup files within specific folders? CD into specified folders and use the touch command to creat the files. Also, Cd .. out of the folder.
Question: Why create a project directory? To save different stages of the project lifecycle.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your development environment? Each directory holds infromation for a particuler task.
Question: What files did you create for your development project and in which folders? I created the main, and helper files into the SRC folder, the test_main, and test_helper into the TESTS folder. Also, the README and requirements files into the DOCS folder.
Question: Why create a Notes directory? To hold files, folders for different activities.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your notes? To hold different information in their respective folders, providing smooth navigation.
Question: Why create a Journal directory? To keep personal infomation orgainzed.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your journal entries? They by organizating activities as they occur monthly.
Question: How do these subdirectories help in organizing your hackathon project? It organizes hackathon project into different stages.
Question: What files did you create for your hackathon project and in which folders? I created brainstorm, todo files into the ideas folder. the main, helper files into the code folder. finally the slides, demo files into the presentation folder.
Question: What additional information do you get from ls -l? Why might this be useful? It provides the files size, Day, Month, time, permissions, and the author of the files.
Question: What does $(pwd) do? Why is it useful to understand absolute paths? It takes you directly to the absolute path.
Question: How does using a relative path differ from using an absolute path? Relative path is relative to the working directory, while absolute path is the complete path from the root directory.
Question: What does the cp command do in this context? Verify the copy using ls. The copied file remain in the same folder.
Question: What does the -r option do in the cp command? Why might you need to use it?It copies the files in the present directory to another directory.


